                                  CS 146
                                  ======

    Assignment #1 - Due First Lecture of Week 2 at beginning of lecture

All of these questions should be answered while you are logged into the
machine "odin.ics.uci.edu" (biggest machine of openlab cluster).  Submit
solutions using "submit" command.  Note that most questions have many
correct answers.  (You only need to provide one correct answer to each
question for full marks.)

1) What is your home directory?  How did you find out (commands used)?

2) What is your UID?  How did you find out (commands used)?

3) To what group(s) do you belong?  How did you find out?

4) What is your "kill" character used for?

5) If you remove execute permission for yourself from a directory (see
   chmod(1)), are you still allowed to create files in that directory?
   Can you cd into it?  Can you "ls" it?  Can you "ls -l"S it? NOTE: the
   answer can be different for an NFS-mounted (ie., remotely hosted)
   filesystem (such as your openlab HOME directory) and a locally hosted
   filesystem (such as you HOME directory on your own machine, or the /tmp
   directory on any machine). Try it for both.

6) If you make a hard link to a file, and then remove the original file,
   are the contents of the file actually removed?  Why?  How about if you
   make a symbolic link?  Why?

7) Are you allowed to "mv" a directory?  Are you allowed to "cp" a
   directory?  If so, how?

8) How many mounted file systems are there on odin.ics.uci.edu?
   How did you find out? (Commands)

9) Using only "ls" (and maybe "grep"), can you find out the name of your
   login terminal?  How?  (Hint: cheat by first typing "who am i".  Look
   also at the -L option of "ls".)

10) In slide 8 from lecture #1, assume binary 00000000 represents
    register D0.  Then the address translation from "FFDC" to binary
    is incorrect.  Correct it.  What is the machine language (binary)
    representation of the MOVE instruction? What about MUL?  (Before
    you ask: yes, different instructions can take up different numbers
    of bytes/words.)
